Update Issue and PR templates with v1-rc status (#4155)
redwoodjs/redwood: .github/issue_template.md

---
name: Issue template
about: v1-rc info
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

The Redwood v1 release candidate has been published, and we're actively working toward a 1.0.0 GA. 🎯

Read @mojombo's post about what to expect, what this means for current priorities, and how to help:
- v1-rc Announcement: https://community.redwoodjs.com/t/what-the-1-0-release-candidate-phase-means-and-when-1-0-will-drop/2604
- v1-rc Priorities that need community help: https://redwoodjs.com/good-first-issue

> New Issues and PRs are still welcome and helpful! 😀 If you're not sure whether this new one will be a v1 priority, then please go ahead and ask by submitting it. Or reach out via the community chat or forums:
> - Discord Chat: https://discord.gg/jjSYEQd
> - Discourse Forum: https://community.redwoodjs.com/

Author: ```suggestion
New Issues and PRs are always welcome and helpful! 😀 We will respond and prioritize. If you need help faster than what we can provide here, you can reach out via the community chat or forums:
- Discord Chat: https://discord.gg/jjSYEQd
- Discourse Forum: https://community.redwoodjs.com/
```
